fix(xen-api/putResource): use agent for both requests (#6261)
vatesfr/xen-orchestra: CHANGELOG.unreleased.md

### Bug fixes

> Users must be able to say: “I had this issue, happy to know it's fixed”

> > Import Vdi content now works when server is behind http proxy

Reviewer: ```suggestion

- Import VDI content now works when there is a HTTP proxy between XO and the host (PR [#6261](https://github.com/vatesfr/xen-orchestra/pull/6261))
```

let's keep the trace of your work in the changelog :smile:

Author: Thank you. I'm newbie on this repo :)
